hey YouTube opinionated if you have
bring you guys a video on deck yes the
highly anticipated tweet has finally
been released by SB coders and it's in
the mod my repo for 199 as you guys can
see how what deck is it's a supercharged
home screen doc you can say that that's
what i call it the supercharged home
screen duck you can see the multiple
features that deck has have i'm going to
go through all of them and let me just
go ahead firstly you have to activate it
with activation just as you guys can see
I'm swiping up by the top and it just
slides out super nice i smooth animation
let's just go to a couple of the
features right here so this first one
here you can go ahead and do power
functions should we spare reboot power
down and lock I'm going to go out of
that open it up again you can go ahead
and activate Siri with this little mic
right here as you guys can see pull that
down swipe again you can go ahead and
open up your music app boom see what
song i'm listening to hear little
waiting haha go ahead and swipe again
you go go pull up your camera super easy
cancel that come down swipe again we
have an appt with outside could go ahead
and compose a quick message man or tweet
so go ahead put up the tweet just like
that cancer that open it again we have
our favorites i'm out of favor this
little star I call it favorites and
these are custom functions hair that you
guys can go ahead and configure inside
the settings app I'm going to go ahead
and show you guys that this first one
that allows you to go and quickly search
google cycle just go ahead and search
google right now i'm gonna come out of
that swipe again i can go ahead and open
up my app switcher that's just something
i see like that there for demo you don't
have to select that one i can go ahead
and turn on my flashlight a flashlight
is on i don't know if you guys can see
my fingers my bad i like the fact that
this little option comes up where you
how you can turn it on instead of having
to open up that again to turn it off i
can go ahead and compose a tweet i
selected that once again you guys go
and change that if you want to I can go
ahead open up my wallpapers if you use a
lot of cool that's going to be a
definite net shot cut for you guys are
definitely love that shortcut there and
also i can reach spin right hand so i'm
not going to be spilled I'm just going
to go back over and this last one that
you see down here which looks like a eq
and you touch that you bring up some
system tacos so I could go ahead and
turn on and off Wi-Fi airplane mode
location bluetooth I can mute my device
and I can also toggle on and off 3g if
you look up to the top you see the
Bluetooth sign came on turn it off it
carry my car but that's all the super
cool function are deckhands you can go
ahead and configure these inside a set
an absolute it's going to go in and set
of that scroll down till you see deck
tap on it and the first thing you see
you can enable and disable the tweet now
if you install it and it's not working
just go ahead and turn that on and off
and then it should be working i had to
do that for me
whichever one you want to open up first
when you launch deck so if I put it on
sista on tacos when I go out open up
deck you should see my tie see it open
up the tacos first instead of open up
deck right here oh I can also set it to
my favorites if I want to go back yet
i'm going to just go and chain that back
to death here you can have your
activation method as you guys here wipe
it up to the top to open up deck you can
go ahead and launch it support more than
one music at Pandora Spotify whichever
one you use you could do that for the
music button and here you can set up
your system of your action so you see I
have searched google it has a number of
them including show notification center
you can compose mail and to each
separate open wallpaper hoping pasty
like and even lunch separate application
so if you have a favorite application
you can go ahead and launch that
application if you choose to you could
set up several options you see I have
six different ones also now here you
have large applications so this is the
application you you would launch and if
you set up this one right here up to the
top if you set that up the first one is
for the first one the second one for the
second one etc etc so you just select
the application that you want so when
you tap on its going to open up the
application if you want you can just put
six favorite applications if you choose
to do so but that's basically here this
was a highly anticipated tweet this one
is called death it's coming in in a mod
my repo for 199 it's a matter of
preference if you want to get enough
with that being said please rate comment
subscribe have a nice day